README.md, before:

![alt logo](https://s3.amazonaws.com/kittypizza/ultraed.png)

## A level editor/game engine for the Nintendo 64 (WIP)

---

### Setup

To compile the source on Win XP download this dependency pack I put together: http://www.mediafire.com/file/ozha9c7kmhg8ik3/UltraEdDeps.zip. It contains SP3 for WinXP, SP6 for VS 6.0 and DirectX 8.1 SDK.

### Todo

1. ~~Add object translation gizmo~~
2. ~~Add object scale gizmo~~
3. ~~Add object rotate gizmo~~
4. Limit poly amount for imported models
5. ~~Support texture import~~
6. Add grid snapping
7. ~~Allow saving of scene~~
8. ~~Allow loading of scene~~
9. Add tree view list of all objects in scene
10. Add camera object
11. Add audio import
12. Add audio object
13. ~~Write bake process for scene objects~~
14. Write bake process for special objects
15. Write bake process for textures
16. Write bake process for audio
17. ~~Add mouse smoothing to movement~~
18. ~~Allow switching from global to local space~~
19. Add support for vertex coloring
20. Add object properties pane to view info
21. Allow manual setting of object transformations
22. ~~Add view switching (persp, top, left, forward)~~
23. ~~Add object deletion from keyboard and mouse~~
24. ~~Refactor string GUID creation to a utility function.~~
25. ~~Consolidate code to show common dialogs for files.~~
26. Add multi object select support.
27. Add a logger to track all errors.
28. Fix Project64 window from showing in background.

Commit message:

Added some notes to readme

README.md, after:

![alt logo](https://s3.amazonaws.com/kittypizza/ultraed.png)

## A level editor/game engine for the Nintendo 64 (WIP)

---

### Setup

To compile the source on Win XP download this dependency pack I put together: http://www.mediafire.com/file/ozha9c7kmhg8ik3/UltraEdDeps.zip. It contains SP3 for WinXP, SP6 for VS 6.0 and DirectX 8.1 SDK.

### Notes

The reason why UltraEd only runs on Windows XP/NT is due to the ROM build process. I rely upon the N64 SDK to do the final ROM construction. I realize I could still build an editor for a modern OS and then only build the ROM on XP/NT but I wanted the editor to feel sort of like Unity 3D. Everything within one environment! :)

### Todo

1. ~~Add object translation gizmo~~
2. ~~Add object scale gizmo~~
3. ~~Add object rotate gizmo~~
4. Limit poly amount for imported models
5. ~~Support texture import~~
6. Add grid snapping
7. ~~Allow saving of scene~~
8. ~~Allow loading of scene~~
9. Add tree view list of all objects in scene
10. Add camera object
11. Add audio import
12. Add audio object
13. ~~Write bake process for scene objects~~
14. Write bake process for special objects
15. Write bake process for textures
16. Write bake process for audio
17. ~~Add mouse smoothing to movement~~
18. ~~Allow switching from global to local space~~
19. Add support for vertex coloring
20. Add object properties pane to view info
21. Allow manual setting of object transformations
22. ~~Add view switching (persp, top, left, forward)~~
23. ~~Add object deletion from keyboard and mouse~~
24. ~~Refactor string GUID creation to a utility function.~~
25. ~~Consolidate code to show common dialogs for files.~~
26. Add multi object select support.
27. Add a logger to track all errors.
28. Fix Project64 window from showing in background.
